Hello,

Welcome to Numerical Computing Using Python! In this class we
will start by discussing the fundamentals of numerical computing,
including data types and basic linear algebra (vectors, matrices and
tensors), and their representations in Numpy
(<https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy-1.16.1/numpy-ref-1.16.1.pdf>) which
is the main Python library, among others, we will use in this class to
carry out numerical calculations. After that, we will cover a number of
numerical methods, from a practical viewpoint, that are used as building
blocks by many practical applications (e.g. in machine learning, data
analysis and other applications). They include solving (systems of)
equations, interpolation, approximation, regressions, minimization,
signal processing, and others. One of the main goals of this class is to
build up a deep understanding of numerical computing, which is important
to apply these methods in practice, or to learn more advanced
computational techniques in the future.

Please make sure that you have a working Python/numpy environment on
your computer. I recommend installing the latest Anaconda package
(<https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/>) on your computer as soon as
possible. Please install the Python 3.x version (NOT Python 2.x) on your
(Windows, Mac or Linux) operating system.

To test your installation, please make sure you can download the run
this small code without errors:

<https://gist.github.com/schuang/101d423856a02bd0284754ffd671251a>

When running this code, you should see a window popping out with a line
plot.

